Sports and Youth Welfare Minister Smt. Yashodhara Raje Scindia said that as per the wish of Chief Minister Shri Chouhan, 'Khelo MP Youth Games-2023' will be organised in the month of September. Smt. Scindia was reviewing the preparations for the Khelo MP Youth Games with the departmental officers on Tuesday. It is noteworthy that after the success of Khelo India Youth Games held for the first time in Bhopal, Chief Minister Shri Shivraj Singh Chouhan had announced that now 'Khelo MP Youth Games-2023' will be organised. Sports Minister Smt. Scindia said that 'Khelo MP Youth Games' will be held in all 52 districts. Youths under the age of 18 will showcase their talents in 24 sports athletics, basketball, badminton, boxing, football, hockey, judo, kabaddi, kho-kho, malkhamb, shooting, swimming, weightlifting, wrestling, table-tennis, yogasan, taekwondo, volleyball, kayaking-canoeing, rowing, fencing, archery, chess and tennis at district, divisional and state level in three phases. State level athletics and shooting competitions will be held at Sports Complex, TT Nagar. Boxing, Taekwondo, Judo, Fencing, Tennis competitions will be held Bhopal’s TT Nagar Stadium, Kayaking Canoeing and Rowing in Upper Lake and Swimming competitions in Taran Pushkar Bhopal. Sports Minister Smt. Scindia said that men's football will be held at Mulna Stadium in Balaghat, basketball and weightlifting at Indore's Basketball Complex, volleyball at Abhay Prashal, women's football competitions will be held at Emerald Heights School. In Gwalior badminton competitions will be held at the MP Badminton Academy Camp in Gwalior and hockey at the MP Women's Hockey Academy. Mallakhamb and Yogasana competitions will be held at Sports Complex Ujjain, Kho-Kho and Archery at Ranital Sports Complex (Cricket Stadium) of Jabalpur. Kabaddi competitions will be held at Sports Complex Rewa, table-tennis and chess at Indoor Hall Madhav Nagar, Katni and wrestling at Shyama Prasad Mukherjee Stadium, Khandwa.



Sports Minister inspected Nathu Barkheda construction site despite rain and slush Sports and Youth Welfare Minister Smt. Scindia inspected the International Sports Complex taking shape at Nathu Barkheda in Bhopal on Tuesday. Despite rain and slush, Smt. Scindia took stock of the progress of the first phase of works under construction. She inspected the East-West Pavilion, Athletic Track, Hockey Turf, Hockey Practice Turf etc. and instructed the officers and concerned project heads to complete the works in a quality and time-bound manner.


Address: MPOnline Limited (Joint Venture By Govt Of MP & TCSL) Corporate Office MPOnline Limited, Office Block- 9 &10, 5th Floor, DB City Corporate Park, Arera Hills, Opp.Zone 1, M.P. Nagar,Bhopal. (M .P.) India - 462 011 Development Office 3rd floor State IT Park Abbas nagar near RGPV Gandhi Nagar Bhopal 462033 Phone No. : 0755 6720222 Fax : 0755 4019000/td>



Help & Support
1800-233-7777 (10:00 AM to 7:00 PM)
(Second Saturday, Third Saturday & All Sunday Off)
support@mptourism.com




* Ladli Bahana Sena will become the medium of women empowerment: CM Shri Chouhan
* CM Shri Chouhan greets Indian football team for winning the SAFF Championship
* Along with CM Shri Chouhan public representatives plant saplings
*  CM Shri Chouhan paid tributes to Late Smt. Virani
*  Van Mahotsav to create awareness among public about tree plantation: Forest Minister Dr. Vijay Shah
*  Delegation of Election Commission of India holds meeting with Chief Secretary, Director General of Police and Enforcement Agenciesh
*  Khelo MP Youth Games-2023 will begin from September 




 Badminton
 Chess
 cycling
 Karate
 Boxing
 Basketball
football
 hokey
